[Music]
welcome to ugly veil friend meet the
crew that puts the glee and ugly hey
Maxie tre zero spark Oh mayor ox
high-wage lucky Bob oh hey Doc those
close to me call me Kelly Clarkson is
Moxie this pipe it has to lead somewhere
are you really going to let me go in
alone ugly dog you're my best friend
well that's just hurtful Blake Shelton
is ox what's your name wedge head I love
literal naming is it that right
gibberish cat ball is ugly dodge the
press ugly dog is here story of the day
you're the mom for house visit little
scoop on the way down though that
we don't need a God makes the party
happy
gabriel iglesias is Baba how do we get
up there Hey
I got nothing
Wang Lee Hom is lucky back hello must be
a customary greeting here Wanda Sykes is
wage breathing deep
[Music]
[Applause]
ugly dolls
yes you guys are the ugliest perfection
gets stuffed May 3rd
[Music]